<pre><code> _____   _____    _____   _____   _   _    _   __   _   _____  
/  ___| |  _  \  | ____| | ____| | | / /  | | |  \ | | /  ___| 
| |     | |_| |  | |__   | |__   | |/ /   | | |   \| | | |     
| |  _  |  _  /  |  __|  |  __|  | |\ \   | | | |\   | | |  _  
| |_| | | | \ \  | |___  | |___  | | \ \  | | | | \  | | |_| | 
\_____/ |_|  \_\ |_____| |_____| |_|  \_\ |_| |_|  \_| \_____/</code></pre>

Tools for printing filler text in your "Django":http://www.djangoproject.com/ templates, a technique from the days of hot type known as greeking.

h3. What it does

Currently, five template tags are bundled into greeking. They can:

* Generate the lorem ipsum text already available in "django.contrib.webdesign":http://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/contrib/webdesign/#ref-contrib-webdesign.
* Generate filler images of kittens from "lorempixum.com":http://lorempixum.com or "placekitten.com":http://www.placekitten.com
* Print snippets from Lewis Carroll's poem "Jabberwocky":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jabberwocky.
* Print pangrams in a variety of languages. A pangram is a phrase that includes every letter of an alphabet. 
* Import an object_list of filler comments for use in greeking "django.contrib.comments":http://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/contrib/comments/.

h3. How to install

<pre><code>pip install greeking</code></pre>

h3. Getting started

Before you can use any of the template tags, you have to install the app in your settings.py file, like so

<pre><code>'greeking',</code></pre>

And then import the library into your template

<pre><code>{% load greeking_tags %}</code></pre>

Then you just need to call out the tag you want to use.

Like Jabberywocky...

<pre><code>{% jabberwocky 3 %}</code></pre>

...pangrams...

<pre><code>{% pangram fr %}</code></pre>

...placeholder images...

<pre><code>{% lorem_pixum 250 400 %}</code></pre>

...placekittens...

<pre><code>{% placekitten 200 200 %}</code></pre>

...or comments

<pre><code>{% greek_comment_list as comment_list %}
{% for comment in comment_list %}
    <div id="c{{ comment.id }}">
            <p>{{ comment.comment }}</p>
            <p>{{ comment.user_name }}</p>
            <p>{{ comment.submit_date|date:"F j, Y" }}</p>
            <p><a href="mailto:{{ comment.user_email }}">{{ comment.user_email }}</a></p>
            <p><a href="{{ comment.user_url }}">{{ comment.user_url }}</a></p>
    </div>
{% endfor %}</code></pre>

h3. Credits

* Packaging structure, documentation and style shamelessly ripped from James Bennett of http://b-list.org. I hope he doesn't hate me.
* Pangrams are drawn from Markus Kuhn at http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~mgk25/ucs/examples/quickbrown.txt
* Comments drawn from the work of giants of our time.
* Continuous integration testing provided by Travis CI at http://travis-ci.org/#!/palewire/django-greeking
